Let's talk about, how do we bring authentication and authorization together?
How do we securely store user credentials and allow them to login?
Now, authentication and authorization go hand in hand.
You can't give authorization to unauthenticated users.
Generally, authorization is controlled entirely by the server.
Users cannot grant themselves rights.
It's easy to talk about an authentication token giving authorization,
since authorization follows authentication.
By that, authorization is a process by which sensitive piece of software
allows access and operations that depend on the identity of the requesting user.